[singing in Japanese]
[operator 1] Target has entered
the fourth sector.
The ignorant moth flicks
closer to the flame, sir.
This is the conclusion
of its final voyage.
Two kilometers to reach
the Kermodec Trench.
-Send out a pulse.
-Aye, aye, sir.
[alarm beeping]
Captain Nemo,
the enemy fleet has deployed
six Garfish submarine
battleships
from ten o'clock to
two o'clock.
Six of them versus us?
This is gonna be a tough one.
What's worse is that we can
be sure that there are more
on our flank and
beyond our sonar.
This is what you would call
a tight pinch, sir.
[operator 2]Target has entered
the third sector.
Proceed with Operation D-2.
Understood.
As you command.
[operator 1] Garfish six
through twelve,
proceed with Operation D-2.
[suspenseful music playing]
They're flooding
their Torpedo tubes.
Distance 2.2 kilometers.
[missiles hissing]
Torpedoes away.
Twenty-four closing
at two kilometers.
They're
creating a Torpedo storm.
Sixty seconds until impact, sir.
-Launch battle counterstrike.
-Aye, aye, sir.
[missiles hissing]
[explosion]
No good.
They've broken
through the barrier.
Bring all engines to full.
Descend and evade.
[ship revving]
[missiles hissing]
Twenty seconds
to impact, Captain.
Scrape our belly
on the sea floor, helmsmen.
[ship revving]
Ten, sir.
[missiles hissing]
Four passed over us, sir.
There's still one more.
[explosion]
[screams]
[exhales deeply]
That was a good plan, Captain.
If we were any higher, we'd
be sleeping with the fishes.
-Damage report?
-Engines are secure.
There's a small
leak in the stern.
What is
the status of the Garfish?
[alarm beeps]
We have six
approaching from the bow
and four
approaching at two o'clock.
Relative velocity
is approximately eight knots.
All right.
Let's go, First Officer.
Give every tube a full load
of missiles and depth charges
and begin flooding the tubes.
Torpedo tubes
are now flooding, sir.
Deploy depth charges
to starboard side
then take a 10-count
and fire missiles at
secondary target.
[Electra] Aye, aye.
[missiles chugging]
[wireless 1]
Tubes are fully loaded.
[wireless 2] Port tubes ready
for initial firing.
Targeting error correction
is complete.
Fire.
[missiles hissing]
Sir, the depth charges
had been launched.
[missiles hissing]
[explosion]
I confirm multiple explosions,
total of six.
That leaves four more.
[explosions]
Four explosions
confirmed, Captain.
No further readings.
[Electra] All identified Garfish
have been thoroughly destroyed.
They sent 10 after us this time.
The Neo-Atlanteans
are certainly getting bolder.
[Nemo] First Officer,
how much of our offensive
weaponry is still intact?
We are at 30%.
Remaining
munition's loading now.
[Nemo] Sonar,
where are the others?
I'm detecting five more
but it's extremely odd.
They're all leaving the area.
They must be falling back
to attack positions.
I doubt it.
They're all moving out
of their firing range, ma'am.
-Are they leaving us behind?
-Not very likely.
Stay alert for an attack
from the surface.
[Electra] Aye.
Prepare for attack,
this one from above.
[operator 1]
The Nautilus has been sighted.
[operator 2] It is
within firing range.
You have my gratitude, Nemo,
for volunteering
for my experiment.
-Begin Operation Sea Net.
-Understood.
[female operator] Proceeding
to Phase Two.
[operator 1] Prepare the Sea
Net Beam Gun.
[suspenseful music playing]
[operator 3] Main tube is open.
[operator 4] Lowering beam gun.
[beam gun whirring]
[operator 2] Beam gun is ready.
[female operator]
Power transferring.
[operator 3]
Magnetic field stable.
[operator 1] Targets acquired.
[follower 1] Ready to fire.
Good.
Release the Sea Net.
Good Lord. What is that?
Sir, the nautilus has been
surrounded by a magnetic field.
He's got a hold of us now.
Gargoyle has completed
the Sea Net beam gun.
Well, Nemo, will you be able
to escape from my new weapon?
He's dragging the
ship to the surface.
Lock trim downward.
Blow open the aft tank.
We'll be in
a vertical list, sir.
I know that.
It's our only chance for escape.
All hands, prepare for
severe listing!
[screaming]
Please remind me to have a few
words with the steering crew.
All engines ahead, full!
Hmph. What a futile attempt.
[operator 1]
Power generating at 80%.
That's no good.
The engines
can't defeat the field.
Bring all engines to
maximum capacity!
[engineer] That's impossible!
The screws can't take on
any more stress!
Don't tell me that!
[Electra] We're 30 meters
from the surface.
Excellent.
Come to me, Nautilus.
Show yourself.
-What on earth is happening now?
-[King whines]
The ship's out of the water.
There's some sort of ship
directly overhead.
-What in the world is that?
-Amazing.
Gargoyle's built
a flying battleship.
Someone tell us
what's happening now!
Civilians are not
allowed on the bridge!
I don't care about your silly
rules right now, blondie.
We have a right to know
what we're involved in.
-[Sanson] Well, would you
look at that.
-[Marie] We're
flying in the sky.
[Hanson] That big magnet
has a hold of us.
How can that ship fly
without forward movement?
[Grandis] What are those?
[operator 2] Atomic vibration
and supersonic wave guns
are in position.
Final preparations
have been made.
[follower 1] We are ready
to test the weapon.
This is the technology
that brought down
the walls of Jericho.
Yes.
Nemo.
Please accept my invitation
to hell
for you and
your pathetic crew.
[female operator] Our target
will be the space titanium alloy
on the Nautilus hull.
[operator 3] Proper
pitch is attained.
[operator 1] Maximum energy
is attained.
[female operator] All systems
are at optimal performance.
[follower 1] Firing.
My word, what's that sound?
The ship is being bombarded
with electrical waves.
I wonder what those are for.
[electrical waves buzzing]
[cracking]
[alarm ringing]
[engineer] The armored plating
on the bow is cracking apart.
That's impossible.
More cracks are appearing
on our stern and lower hull.
So, an atomic vibration device.
You have been very busy,
haven't you, Gargoyle?
Hmph.
I'm amazed that you have
withstood it
this long, Nautilus.
[engineer] The bow's outer
layer of armor
has been peeled away, Captain.
[sonar] Primary power lines
are shut down.
-Captain, what are we to do?
-Hit them with a volley.
We'll fight back.
[explosion]
He's well-defended.
Our anti-aircraft weapons will
be useless against his barrier.
[explosion]
[engineer] Our reserve plane
has been destroyed!
Stop it.
They're destroying us
one inch at a time.
[explosion]
[engineer] Third block damaged.
Powder magazines have detonated.
Ah. The fire control system
is being destroyed.
The engine is straining
under this load, sir.
No!
Oh, no. What now?
[engineer] Main electric power
systems are offline.
This can't be happening.
Looks like the end of the line.
[operator] The Nautilus
has fallen silent.
Thank you.
Halt the attack.
Put me in contact with the ship.
I wish to speak
with the Captain.
Understood.
[beeping]
We're receiving a wireless
message from the battleship.
-Patch it through.
-Aye, sir.
[Gargoyle] It's been
a long time, Nemo.
Foul demon.
-Is that you?
-Hmph.
You haven't changed in 13 years.
Still so terribly rude.
That is none of your concern.
[Gargoyle] Correct.
Act as you wish.
You'll soon be dead.
We never did get to finish
our chess match.
How unfortunate,
unless you'd like to do so now.
There's no
reason for that, Gargoyle.
I've already won.
[Gargoyle] As stubborn as ever,
old friend.
I regret not seeing you again,
but you are to blame for never
trying to see things my way.
Well, good night, Nemo.
Sleep peacefully forever.
Rest in your gilded
coffin with your crew.
[laughs]
-Damn him!
-I guess this is it.
[Electra] There's only one
possible way to win, sir.
[gasps]
We must scuttle the ship.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[thuds]
Sir, can't you see that this
is our best and only chance?
That is not merely a
battleship above us,
but Gargoyle as well.
Are we going to pass up
this golden opportunity
to achieve our purpose?
If we self-destruct the particle
annihilation engine,
everything will be obliterated.
We must do this, Captain Nemo.
We've lived for 13 years
for a moment like this.
What is wrong with you, Captain?
Make up your mind now.
You used to make decisions
so quickly, but you've changed.
Sir...
do you know why
this has happened to us?
Shall I tell
you the reason, sir?
-It's Nadia, isn't it?
-Mm?
You couldn't stand to harm
a hair on her precious head.
Hold your tongue!
Kill yourself if that's what
you really want.
But don't make that decision
for the rest of us,
if you don't mind.
While you're on board, you will
obey the rules of this ship.
Mm, I don't think so.
Oh, you don't?
Well, our sworn mission
is to exterminate
the Neo-Atlanteans at all costs.
Do you know why you act
this way, you idiot?
[gasps]
You want to die
with Captain Nemo
because you know
he will never love you.
That's the real
reason, isn't it?
[gasps]
So forgive me if I choose
to find a way for us to live.
Unlike you, I have something
to live for, you ridiculous nit.
If you want to kill yourself
then leave me out!
-Let's go boys.
-All right.
We can take care of ourselves
and the Katherine, Ms. Electra.
You see, I don't
want to die today either.
So, toodle-pip.
[gasps]
Hey, wait for me.
I want to go.
[groans]
I'd hate to ask
you a stupid question.
But the Gratan isn't going to be
drawn to the magnet, is it?
[chuckles] Look at this.
This gun is made of iron but it
isn't being drawn to it, is it?
They clearly built that huge
magnet to attract only the alloy
that makes up
the ship's plating.
Why didn't I think of that?
Are you really
going to escape from here?
Well, no.
I only said that to look bully
in front of Nemo.
We're gonna cut this ship loose.
There's no way in heaven
or Earth
I'm going to let
that ignorant girl
die with my
beloved Captain Nemo.
Absolutely not.
Yes, that's right.
You should never give up
without a fight.
Of course not.
We won't kill ourselves.
We have to devise some way
to survive until the very end.
How do you propose we do that?
We only have
one missile on board.
Not only that, but the launching
tube has been disabled,
so please tell me
how we can counterattack!
How do we get out
from under this rotter
without getting our knickers
dirty in the process?
-Leave that to us!
[laughs]
[Nemo] There is a way.
They will most likely utilize
their large missile bay
in order to
deliver their final blow.
In order to do that,
they will have to lower
the barrier, right?
Right. Then we'll fire right up
its launching tube at
that very moment.
And after that,
it blows up, right?
Yup.
Thereby using Gargoyle's attack
to launch our counterattack.
Don't be absurd.
We don't even know where
that opening is going to be.
-I'm sure we'll find it.
-So all we have to do is look.
I say we must have
complete faith
in the probability
of our success.
Are you sure, sir, manually?
Precisely.
Our missile tube
must be opened by hand.
See to it right away.
Aye, aye.
But who will be able
to aim it
at the battleship's
missile tube?
[Sanson] That you can
leave to us, Captain.
Mm.
[suspenseful music playing]
We can get out of
here on the Gratan.
Feel free to use this chance
to make a counterattack, sir.
Arrivederci, my Captain Nemo.
Bon voyage.
Well, let's get out of here.
-But before that...
-Huh?
-[chuckles]
[groan]
[thuds]
[clapping]
But I want to go with you.
-Forget it.
-Why not?
Because I need you
to watch over the ladies.
That's a man's duty, Jean.
-But I--
-Listen, son.
It's noble to
protect other people.
But you have to
protect yourself, too.
You have to survive.
I see. You too, right?
You bet.
Good luck to you, Jean.
[vehicle door whirs]
[Sanson] We do live a rather
sordid life, do we not?
[Hanson] Yup,
but we never get bored.
Just as long as we survive.
Well, let's go.
-Yes, ma'am.
[screaming]
-What's happening this time?
They're firing
Heavy Salvos at us, Captain.
[explosion]
Blast!
The battleship won't need to
open its tube
with this going on.
Wait! Without electricity,
that hatch isn't going to open!
Forget the hatch!
Blast right through!
-You got it!
[explosion]
Whoo!
[cheering]
-Convert to flight mode two!
-[piano plays]
[clicks]
[whirring]
[automatic weapons fire]
[groans]
The textite net
is already in place.
-It should hold for a while.
-Then I guess I'll be going.
Sorry, old chap, but we only
have one techno bomb left.
-Good luck, Sanson!
-You can leave it to me.
You see, I'm a bloody
genius with a gun!
[automatic weapons fire]
[explosion]
[follower 1] She makes very good
shooting practice,
does she not, Lord Gargoyle?
Yes.
I only wish you'd
quit missing the target.
[follower 1] I'm sorry, sir.
[Sanson] Wind speed?
-[Hanson] Six meters.
-[Sanson] Temperature?
[Hanson] 22 degrees centigrade!
-[Sanson] Air pressure?
-[Hanson] 0.94.
-[Sanson] Distance?
-[Hanson] 1.2 kilometers.
Did it ever occur to you to put
protective armor on the cabin?
When did I have
the time to do that?
Open up and I'll blast it off
with a single shot.
[all] One, two, three, four.
We depend on this ship's
machinery entirely too much.
Well, super-science isn't
much good when the power is cut.
[explosions]
[crying]
[wireless 1] Second vertical
engine damaged!
[wireless 2] There's no answer
from the starboard quarters!
[helmsman] What about
the factory base?
[wireless 3] No answer!
It may have be destroyed.
[explosions continue]
Nadia!
Stop it.
Stop this now.
I'll give you the Blue Water!
Just stop killing each other.
Lord Gargoyle, it's Nadia.
Yes.
I thought she might be on board.
What shall we do?
Fascinating.
She is still useful.
Bring her to me.
[wave babbling]
[gasps]
Nadia!
[Nadia] Jean!
-[screams]
-Nadia!
[gasps]
[operator] Nadia
has been contained.
I suppose this is checkmate.
[follower 1] Understood.
Prepare the annihilation bomb.
The Emperor's Blue Water
will help us search for Nemo's,
once they're destroyed.
[suspenseful music playing]
That's it.
[explosion]
[screaming]
[helmsman] Bow destroyed.
If we take
another one like that,
it will be the last sound
any of us will hear, sir.
[Sanson] Blast!
They've already loaded
the next launch tube.
Hey, can't you hold
this thing steady?
[all] Heave-ho!
-Take it.
-Right!
I know I'll get
it on the next round.
-[indistinct] Oh, my God.
-[gun clicks]
[Sanson] This is one miracle
I can perform myself.
[explosions]
[laughter]
[air hissing]
-[all] Whoa.
-[Sanson] What?
[screaming]
[all] Somebody help us.
[grunts] Go!
[engine revs]
Go!
[explosions]
[Nadia screams]
Well done. Bravo.
Fire the blaster missile.
[electric zaps]
[explosion]
The battle ship's magnetic
force is weakening, sir.
We're falling seaward.
All hands, take crash positions.
[water splashes]
-How did this happen?
-I am most sorry, sir.
Spare me.
I'll discuss your penalty later.
Understood.
[Gargoyle]
She won't last long now.
Order a Garfish to deliver
the coup de grace.
Understood.
[operator 1] The Nautilus
is sinking fast.
[water babbling]
Thus is the fate of fools.
[singing in Japanese]